pandoc-citeproc: reference Chambers1997 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Lundstrom1999 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Sarndal1989 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Silva1996 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Holmes2000 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Estevao1995 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Nieuwenbroek2002 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Huang1978 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Sautory1993 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Vanderhoeft2001 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Bankier1990 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Sautory1993 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Vanderhoeft2001 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Bankier1990 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Bankier1992 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Silva1996 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Silva1996 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Clark2002 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Chambers1997 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Chambers1997 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Chambers1997 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Rao1997 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Ridge1997 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Lundstrom1999 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference ONS2001 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference ONS2001 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference ONS2001 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Lundstrom1999 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Sarndal2002 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Estevao2002 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Sarndal2008 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Sarndal2010 not found